Adding documentation for confirmation code cleanup (#17975)
MetaMask/metamask-extension: docs/confirmation-refactoring/confirmation-state-management/README.md

1. Use state obtained from backend (redux store `state.metamask`) as single source of truth
2. For state derived from the backend state hooks can be written, these will internally use backend state
3. For temporary UI state shared across multiple components React Context can be used, minimise the scope of the context to just the components that need them (this is useful to avoid un-necessary re-rendering cycles in the app)
4. Confirmation React components fall into 2 categories:
   - Smart components: state access should go here
   - Dumb components: they are used for layout mainly and should ideally have required state data passed to them via props
5. Redux state is a good candidate for implementing state machine on frontend, if require anywhere in confirmation pages. Though currently transient state is mostly confined to single component state machine may not be needed.

Refactorings:

- There are confirmations related ducks [here](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/tree/develop/ui/ducks):

>   - [confirm-transaction](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/tree/develop/ui/ducks/confirm-transaction): this this redundant and we should be able to get rid of it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [confirm-transaction](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/tree/develop/ui/ducks/confirm-transaction): this is redundant and we should be able to get rid of it.
```

  - Context is required only to provide temporary UI state for confirmation pages which includes:

    - `transaction` - active transaction on confirmation pages
    - `editGasMode` - cancel, speedup, swap or default, this is also temporary UI state

    The context can be included in `/pages/confirm-transaction-base` and around `TokenAllowance` in `/pages/confirm-approve`.

  - Hooks can be created for values derived from values derived from above context and metamask state. This include:
    - `maxFeePerGas`
    - `maxPriorityFeePerGas`
    - `supportEIP1559`
    - `balanceError`
    - `minimumCostInHexWei`
    - `maximumCostInHexWei`
    - `hasSimulationError`
    - `estimateUsed`
  - Values which can be obtained from metamask state using selectors should be removed from this context. This includes:
    - `gasFeeEstimates`
    - `isNetworkBusy`
  - `minimumGasLimitDec` is a constant value 21000 should be removed from the context, this can be moved to constants file.
  - Create separate hook for transaction functions [here](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/blob/develop/ui/hooks/gasFeeInput/useTransactionFunctions.js), this hook can consume GasFeeContext.

>   - Setters and manual update functions are only used by legacy gas component [edit-fas-fee-popover](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/tree/develop/ui/components/app/edit-gas-popover). This component uses useFasFeeInputs hook. We need to create a smaller hook just for this component using above context and hooks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Setters and manual update functions are only used by legacy gas component [edit-gas-fee-popover](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/tree/develop/ui/components/app/edit-gas-popover). This component uses useGasFeeInputs hook. We need to create a smaller hook just for this component using the above context and hooks.
```
